Dropzone only package dialog (#3405)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Catalog/PackageDialog.md

> # Package dialog state
> 
> You can use permanent links to the package dialog with pre-defined state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Opening package dialog via a URL

You can use the 'createPackage' query parameter to create a URL that opens the Quilt Catalog directly to the package dialog with 
certain information already filled in.
```

# Opening package dialog via a URL

You can use the `createPackage` query parameter to create a URL that opens
the Quilt Catalog directly to the package dialog with certain information
already filled in.

Available parameters are

> * `createPackage=true` to open a package dialog,

Reviewer 2: i'd prefer some shorter lowercase params like `edit=` and `dropzone=`, but i guess it would be more ambiguous, so whatever
